=== An Van Damme (Legal and Benefit Consultant) ===
An Van Damme studied law at the Universities of Namur and Leuven (1987 – 1992) . Afterwards she obtained a degree in International Politics & Economics at the John Hopkins University, Bologna Center (in 1993).An started her professional career as an employment lawyer at De Bandt, Van Hecke, Lagae (now Linklaters) in 1993. In 2001 she was one of the founding partners of the law firm Claeys & Engels. She became head of the pensions department in 2006 (together with Jan Van Gysegem) and remained a pension partner at Claeys & Engels until the end of 2020.In 2021, An took a career break of a few months, during which she followed a mediation course. An is now a certified mediator in social affairs. In addition, she took up mandates as an independent director in two pension funds. She continues to perform these mandates until today.An joined Nexyan in September 2021 in order to give legal support to the team.During her career, An specialized in occupational pensions and benefits, assisting clients in drafting and modifying pension plans or collective bargaining agreements, helping clients with the pension related aspects of mergers or acquisitions (including due diligence) or with the harmonization of pension plans following a merger or acquisition; setting-up, merging or dissolving pension funds; drafting governance documents for pension funds including cross-border pension funds; giving legal advice on discrimination issues or legal compliance issues. In addition, An assisted clients with information/communication, negotiations, presentations regarding occupational pensions. She has also been a compliance officer for various pension funds. An is a frequent lecturer both at national and international seminars and conferences and author of several legal publications.An is an active member of IPEBLA (International Pension Benefits Lawyers Association) and a co-founder of BEPLA (Belgian Pension Benefits Lawyers Association). Her mother tongue is Dutch, but An is fluent in English and French. She has basic knowledge of German and Spanish.

=== Anne Thiry (Managing partner & Founder) ===
Managing partner and founding partner of NEXYAN, Anne has worked more than 25 years, including 20 years at Aon Consulting Belgium, as Managing Director of the employee benefits activities.Anne is vice-president of the National Committee of Pensions (Comité National des Pensions – CNP) in charge of finalizing the implementation of the pensions reform of the government.She developed a large experience in all domains of company sponsored employee benefits and focused on advice to Belgian pension funds. She has been involved extensively in the actuarial, financing, administration and accounting advice of these funds. She has also extensive experience in advice about group insurance contracts. Furthermore, Anne is a known expert in all technical aspects of the Belgian legal and fiscal legislation concerning pensions and employee benefits. She has also built up an in depth knowledge of sector plans and of the statutory pensions in the public sector. She is a fellow of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IABE) and an expert at the “Commission des pensions pour indépendants”.Anne is also a professor at the university HEC Liège where she teaches life contingencies. She has been member of the “commission des pensions complémentaires” and an expert at the “commission des assurances” until mid 2005.

=== Karen Vande Sype (Senior Partner & Founder) ===
Senior Partner and founding member of NEXYAN, Karen has more than 20 years experience working as an employee benefit consultant for international consulting firms such as Sedwick/Mercer (where she headed the Antwerp office) and KPMG. She has a large experience in designing and setting up company sponsored employee benefit plans, focusing on group insurance. She assists employers in choosing the right financial vehicle for their pension plans. Furthermore, Karen has also a large experience in designing and preparing benefit statements and in all kinds of verbal and written communication of employee benefits to all parties, board of directors, unions and members of the plan. As Anne Thiry Gollier, she is a specialist in all technical aspects of the Belgian legal and fiscal legislation concerning pensions and employee benefits. She is a regular speaker to various seminars in the employee benefits area.

=== Jérôme Louis (Senior Partner) ===
Partner of NEXYAN, Jérôme worked for 5 years at KPMG and more than 2 years at AON Consulting Belgium (including a short-term assignment in the merger and acquisition team in London). He joined NEXYAN in 2006. He has built-up experience in local and international actuarial valuations, pension funds administration, merger and acquisition, advise to employer with respect to occupational benefits in Belgium (choice of financing vehicle, communication, funding) and with expatriation issues. He is a fellow of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IABE).

=== Frédéric Compté (Senior Partner) ===
Partner of NEXYAN, Frédéric worked for 3 years at AON Consulting Belgium and for more than 4 years in London for Towers Perrin in their international team. He joined NEXYAN in 2006. He has built-up experience in accounting coordination, risk management analysis, role of global actuary adviser, global benefit reviews and mergers & Acquisitions. He is chartered financial analyst (CFA) and he is a fellow of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IABE).

=== Wim Windmolders (Senior Partner) ===
Partner of NEXYAN, Wim worked for 3,5 years at KPMG and 3,5 years at AON Consulting Belgium. He joined NEXYAN in 2007. He has built-up experience in international actuarial valuations (IFRS – IAS 19, USGAAP – FAS 87/88/106/158, UKGAAP – FRS 17), consolidation work for big international clients, pension fund administration (including day to day administration, funding valuations, benefit statements), benefit design (such as changing form a DB to a DC scheme) and with expatriation issues. He is a fellow of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IABE).

=== Saskia Lommelen (Senior Partner) ===
Partner of NEXYAN, Saskia worked for 3 years at AON Consulting Belgium and for more than 5 years at Mercer. She joined NEXYAN in 2011. She developed a large experience in all domains of company sponsored employee benefits and focused on advice to Belgian pension funds. She has been involved extensively in the actuarial, financing and administration of these funds. She is a specialist in public sector and has advised several provinces of Belgium in their first-pillar pension and in the start-up of their supplementary pension plan for the contractual staff. She is a fellow of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IABE).

=== Benoît Terwagne (Senior Partner) ===
Partner of NEXYAN, Benoît worked for 15 years at Mercer Belgium as senior consulting actuary. After a period of 3 years with ESOFAC Luxembourg, he joined NEXYAN in 2014. He has a large experience in advice of all actuarial services related to occupational pension scheme funded through pension fund or group insurance contract (including funding valuations, international accounting standards such as IAS19R and FAS158, minimum funding requirement and plan amendment) to multinational companies and international organizations. Benoît has developed a comprehensive knowledge in redesign of pension scheme (shifting from defined benefit into defined contribution scheme) and benefit reviews for employees with careers completed in several countries. He is fellow of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IABE).

=== Dimitri de Marneffe (Senior Partner) ===
Partner of NEXYAN, Dimitri worked during 15 years for LCP Belgium (formerly EY Actuarial Services) as head of the employee benefits team after having spent 5 years in Luxemburg where he worked for life insurers (Axa, La Luxembourgeoise) and consultants (PECOMA). He joined NEXYAN in 2017. Dimitri has built a large experience of occupational pensions and other employee benefits, a.o. for what concerns actuarial valuations according to international accounting norms (IFRS, ASC, FRS) or according to local norms from different countries, valuation and audit of pension liabilities in the context of M&As, setting up and transformation of schemes, international comparison of pension entitlements, etc… He also carried out lots of international missions in countries of the Middle East, Africa and Europe. Dimitri is a fellow of the Institute of the Institute of Belgian Actuaries (IA|BE).

=== Lotte Delva (Partner) ===
Lotte graduated in 2008 as Master in Chemical Engineering from the Catholic University in Leuven. In 2009 and 2010 she obtained the degrees Master in Insurance and Master in Actuarial & Financial Engineering, also from the Catholic University in Leuven.She started her career in 2008 with Ernst & Young where she delivered actuarial audit support in financial and internal audits of pension funds and insurance companies, a.o. regarding the calculations of technical provisions. In 2014 she became manager in the actuarial consulting team at Ernst & Young where she was responsible for advising insurance companies on Solvency II related matters. As from the end of 2015 Lotte worked as internal actuary at an insurance company where she was responsible for the Solvency II calculations and reporting.In 2017 Lotte joined Nexyan. At Nexyan she gained a broad experience in the employee benefit domain. She has worked on projects in various domains: IAS19 and USGAAP valuations, advise in case of changes to or launch of pension plans, actuarial valuations in the public sector, risk management function, actuarial function, internal audit of pension funds …Lotte Delva is an effective member of the Institute of Actuaries in Belgium (IA|BE).Lotte’s mother tongue is Dutch, she speaks French and English fluently.

